>> Brian Holt: So,
we're gonna go on to more HTML steps.
So, we just discussed tags.
So I wanted to just as a brief side note,
a tag is typically like a type of tag,
right?
So, you have anchor tags,
p tags, things like that.
And then you have an element
which is one instance, right?
So this is one element, this is another
element, this is another element, but
you have types of tags and
then you have one instance of the type
of tag which will be called an element.
So that's, when I use the word element,
that's what I mean.
The reason why I tell you
that is cuz I cannot stop
saying the word element
[LAUGH] I have tried.
So, that's what I mean when I say element,
it's one particular instance of that
particular tag.
>> Brian Holt: So
this is one element, one input element.
Okay, attributes.
So, often it's not enough just to
know what type of tag something is,
we also usually need to
give additional data.
So, for these inputs,
we need to know if it's a check box, or
a color picker, or a file picker,
or something like that.
So, this right here, this type equals
business, this is a attribute, right?
So I have an input tag and
I have a type attribute, and
then this is the value right here.
So I'll say type equals,
and then you need quotes.
These can be single quotes or
double quotes, either is fine.
And then I'll give it some sort of value.
For input tags in particular,
it has to be one of a subset, right,
I can't just put anything in here.
If I just put anything in there, it's
gonna say, I don't know what you mean, so
I assume you mean text.
[LAUGH] So
it just falls back to the default.
In other words, it ignores it
if it doesn't know what it is.
So that's why it has to be something
like color or numbers with another one.
So like if this is a number input,
you'll see here that it goes red.
This is something that browser does
fire itself, I didn't write any code
that does this, that says hey,
that's not a number [LAUGH].
So then if I go back in here and
put 123, then it will work.
You also probably have a hard time seeing
it but there is also a little thing where
I can increment and decrement it.
>> Brian Holt: And I think, yeah,
that's what that does.
Anyway, there's a bunch of them.
That's just one instance of it.
>> Brian Holt: So type is an attribute.
Different tags have different
attributes that they care about.
>> Brian Holt: So for example,
if I gave a type tag to a p, or
a type attribute to a p tag,
that doesn't make any sense, right,
there is just one type of paragraph.
There are no special attributes for
paragraphs,
it's just a paragraph
>> Brian Holt: So over here,
I give you a table of just
a bunch of different kinds.
So here's a value,
this is a pre-filled value, right?
So I can actually just edit
this right now, right?
But for example if,
let's say I was doing a sign-up form, but
I already think I know what your name is,
right?
So I will put like Brian here so that when
you go to fill out that form it's like,
hey I think your name is Brian but you
can edit this if that's incorrect, right?
So that's what a value would be is
a pre-filled value into an input,
right, that make sense?
Then you have placeholders.
Notice that this is grey.
I think you've seen this before.
And then as soon as I start typing
that grey text is gonna go away.
So, you might put something
here like first name,
what you actually want
them to put in there.
So it's a placeholder value
while you're waiting for
them to type something.
>> Brian Holt: Then
if I have an input type=checkbox.
And then I can say hey,
start it out with this checked, right?
It would be really nice
if people will say,
I consent to this form they
just prechecked it for you.
I think legally,
they have to not check it.
I don't know, I'm making shit up.
I don't actually know, but
this is pre-checking and
that's what the checked part means.
>> Brian Holt: But
I can still check it and check it, right?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
that's what that means.
If I have an attribute with no values,
so notice this one has the equals,
you know this is the placeholder thing,
this is the value.
If I just put checked with no value after
it, that basically means true, right?
So checked equals true
that would be the same
thing.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
here's a radio button, this one's checked.
With radio buttons you can't uncheck them
you would have to have a group of them and
then select another one.
Here is a check box and
then it's disabled.
Which means that you can see it's kinda
greyed out there and I can't actually,
I'm trying to click on it and
it won't let me click it.
>> Brian Holt: And
then this one,
this right here represents red.
This is a hexadecimal number.
You don't really have
to care how they work.
But this FF0000 represents
red in hexadecimal.
But I can click on it and
change it to something else,
right?
>> Brian Holt: So,
that's what the value is, it's
the initial value when someone lands on
the website.
>> Brian Holt: If you want to figure
out hexadecimals and that kinda stuff,
CSS Tricks has a great article on it.
I would suggest looking that up.
I think I linked to it somewhere
on this crazy website.
[LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: Cool, any questions
about attributes in general so far?
>> Speaker 2: So
the color value you can either
put down those hexadecimal or
you can actually put down color red.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
I've never tried putting it here for
an input.
I don't know if that would work.
To be honest with you,
I would have to check.
But normally the answer
to that question is yes.
Well, I guess we can check right here.
So, if I make this a color and
I say value= "red".
Yeah, it doesn't work in this particular
instance, but in CSS that normally works.
Just not this very instance [LAUGH],
whereas if I said ff0000.
Because this only works
with hexadecimal for
inputs.
>> Brian Holt: That
would almost never be important [LAUGH].
I've never used a color
picker in my entire career.
Maybe I'm in the wrong line of work,
I don't know.